 [Music]
it's more top news this hour yes it was
a bad day at CNN everyone there broke
down in tears when they saw what their
mega anti Trump's free just did to them
right-wing news reports it seems that
the leftist propaganda channels never
learn they continued to go on rampages
against the president and the majority
of Americans are just beyond sick of it
now this particular communist network
fails every single time they slam the
president yes no weapon formed against
him shall prosper amen to that
CNN's ratings took a huge nosedive by
double digits just last week the failing
CNN Network launched a 24/7 attack
against President Trump going so far as
to question his mental health
even his patriotism blaming him for what
just happened in New Zealand and cereal
lying about his response to
Charlottesville but this unhinged hate
campaign obviously turned off a
considerable number of Americans when
compared to this same week last year CNN
lost 16 percent of its primetime viewers
and a 17% of total day viewers young
people ran away screaming and the
advertiser coveted 25 to 50 for aged mo
CNN shed an incredible 31% of those
viewers during primetime and 29% in
total day viewers the back in October
Ted Koppel mocked CNN and said they
would be nowhere without President Trump
watch this there's nothing more
delicious than the truth served cold to
someone feasting on a diet of lies
here's Ted Koppel telling our nation's
hall monitor brian Stelter what we
already knew Donald Trump has been very
very good for baseball
he has been wonderful for the industry
if we interrupt that means what that oh
the ratings are up it means you
you can't do without Donald Trump you
would be lost without Donald Trump he
says that's not true
CNN's ratings would be in the toilet
without Donald Trump you know that's not
true you're playing for Laughs
read this wow I haven't seen Stelter
that defensive since Anderson Cooper
stole his toupee but I get it Koppel hit
the artery and Stelter couldn't stop the
bleeding or the laughter Koppel knows
the media operates on two lies that
they'd rather forget one that they're
effusive coverage of Trump didn't help
nominate the guy oh but you did yeah
blubbering fibbers let's not forget CNN
led that charge under the assumption
that Hillary hadn't won already focused
only on Trump knowing they're profitable
obsession would only hurt Republicans
and by their bosses second in third
homes whoops
- that somehow Trump had threatened
fresh press freedom
hardly he's now buying those same
executives their fourth in fifth homes
since Trump the press has been feverish
every day's the apocalypse every critic
a fearless hero to CNN especially Trump
is Ebola and the KKK combined it's why
the see in CNN now stands for a cartoon
and now their ratings are getting even
worse can you imagine if they didn't
have Trump to harp on all day they
actually might have better numbers think
about that for a second they stayed here
CNN's numbers look especially horrendous
when compared to its direct competition
during the same time period Fox News
which nearly triples CNN in primetime
viewers and more than doubles CNN in
total day viewers held almost perfectly
steady with a 1% increase in primetime
viewers and a 1% decrease in total day
viewers in a 35 to 54 age that
demographic Fox dipped 13% and 12% in
primetime and totaled a respectively
MSNBC which doubles CNN in primetime
viewers and nearly doubles CNN in total
day viewers held its losses to single
digits 8% in primetime six percent in
total day MSNBC's demo losses mirrored
those of CNN
so primetime total viewers for fox news
channel now this would be total viewers
versus the demographic viewers 2.3
million MSNBC 1.8 million CNN 900,000
yeah they're going downhill fast
downhill fast and when we get more
viewers here
that's CNN okay put things in
perspective in all of cable TV during
primetime Fox News hit number one MSNBC
number three ESPN was number two CNN
bottoms out at 11:00 so Fox News is also
headed towards being a leftist garbage
dump sadly after suspending the
conservative judge Jeanine Pirro and
hiring a lunatic leftist cheerleader
Donna Brazile and when they're
suspending people for speaking the truth
we've got a big problem they're
discriminating against conservatives in
his time we start suing these people for
violating the First Amendment so it's
possible Fox News radiance can could
drop even more matching CNN's but you
know that's what they're doing by
suspending people and conservatives but
nonetheless CNN pad news bad news today
really bad news comment below we'll see
you at the next report for the next news
network I'm Gary Franchi thanks for
sticking around with all the QI on
hysteria hitting the online community
and the drama surrounding President
Trump in the deep state viewers are
learning that having a VPN while
searching for Q's latest posts and other
online related activity is a must
virtual shield is by far the best choice
with their 30-day free trial plan which
no other VPN on the market offers
virtual shield does not keep logs and
we'll never sell your data to a third
party your browsing history is kept
completely confidential so you can relax
and share a peace of mind that your
internet browsing activities will be
kept anonymous now this winter month
virtual shield is offering 30% off of
all VPN plans
in all premium add-ons including
protection plus residential access
monthly maintenance phone support and
VIP performance plans forget this is
Lowe's $3 a month don't forget about one
of their most important programs it's
called a dentist safe which allows you
the ability to block off your computer
and microphone access from any unwanted
spies and hackers and it's especially
for anyone who's paranoid about the
government watching or anyone listening
to their every move on their computer I
dentists say is for you go to hide with
Gary calm and take advantage of the
special offers for next news viewers
that's Hyde with Gary dot-com
thank you for watching that report if
you want more subscribe to the channel
by clicking on the next news network
logo right here you can also watch our
latest news reports by clicking here or
you can get the latest breaking news by
clicking here or the most viral news in
the channel 2 News at Hillary and Obama
hate right here 