 Paul and Richard take and look at this
is Butlins of announce they know this
guy doesn't know whether he's really
popular whether people are really afraid
of him we're hoping that's the extent of
their missiles and this is the most
animated he's been some time I think and
that's what happens if people don't get
on yeah so this is the new Clearwater
it's not gonna happen because Donald
Trump luckily is in charge of all the
negotiations and he's calm presence of
mind will relieve everybody that thinks
they're going to be fried and blown up
at any moment so it's all absolutely
fine and with everybody's lovely yeah I
think he's a good guy yeah I'm always
amazed that Donald Trump is the same age
as my mum I always find that very weird
the only way my mum would that the
nuclear war is if they cancelled
eggheads nothing else that would but
isn't that weird my mom was a nuclear
war every day of the week well I'm glad
you've both got that out I think the
prospect of our nuclear annihilation
very soon could have some benefits yeah
don't you got a wedding I don't really
want to do now why have tensions been
rising between North Korea and the
United States recently Trump was bored
he was bored of Syria he was bored of
his own country he was bored of people
with competent haircuts and he just
thought the fat kid over the sea will be
the next one in line the one with the
with the shit missiles stop slut-shaming
King John and this is mutually assured
lunacy it's a new international policy
that the Koreans have to believe that
Trump is mad enough to launch a missile
strike and he is so they now both are
more wary
I'm just being hopeful who did Donald
Trump meet recently that he's hoping
will reign in North Korea's threatening
behavior does it mean
president de Zeeuw yes he was invited to
meet President Trump at mar-a-lago
during his meeting what news did
President Trump impart that he'd
attacked Syria let's have a look so what
happens as I said we've just launched 59
missiles heading to Iraq
well you're headed to Syria yes heading
toward
I'm really glad someone actually
corrects it on a lighter note President
Trump of the First Lady hosted the
annual White House Easter Egg Roll on
Monday here's a picture of the launch
the President of the United States left
boys is rabbit wearing glasses I'm not
suggestively shouldn't be wearing
glasses but I thought rabbits had good
eyesight but he must be able to see
North Korea from where instead nobody
character ze so I'm looking at the wrong
one which one's the rabbit again given
that he was speaking to an excited group
of young children eagerly awaiting to
chase after colored wooden eggs
what did Donald Trump say to get the
Easter Egg Roll on the way you come we
can hear what he said okay all good
let's see Trump launching the fun-filled
kiddies event this is the 139 Easter Egg
Roll think of it 139 it began a long
time ago 1878 and we will be stronger
and bigger and better as a nation than
ever before we're right on track you see
what's happening and we are right on
track thing going on the whole time is
any is it of anybody who signs of the
Deaf interpreting what the hands
actually saying listen to him he's an
idiot listen to me what's all this stuff
it's going what's the matter with it
what if it's help help I'm trapped I'm
trapped inside his body
I'm a 20 year old woman from Wisconsin
this takes something of a personal turn
right now because I have to ask you what
do I have in common with Donald Trump's
advisor Kellyanne Conway I tell you by
sheer coincidence if I dress as a woman
we look identical now you're gonna have
to help us which one is which you've got
a touch of the merry berries about you
as well I suppose like as you see a
doctor
find you the power the costume and the
makeup and everything did it how did it
change it did it change you
yes I was different hmm I was I was not
fully a man anymore
the one area in which I was most a man
with the high heels brief what do you
think meanwhile South Korea's impeach
President PAC goony a faces a criminal
trial and according to the Telegraph
could be jailed for life which given the
regional tensions could be anything up
to Sigma
in New York after tense negotiations
take the world closer to Armageddon
leading figures continue discussions in
the UN bar
[Music] 