 of all the candidates in the race the
front-runner right now is someone who
isn't even running yet a 76 year old man
with the 12 year old teeth Joe Biden now
currently the former vice president is
putting out feelers to see where he
stands and apparently the answer is too
close to women Joe Biden on defense
after a former Nevada state lawmaker
said he made her feel uneasy during an
interaction in 2014 lucy flores first
made the allegation in an essay for the
cut on friday detailing the encounter
with a former vice president at a
campaign rally in Nevada as she ran for
lieutenant governor
Flores does not believe it was sexual
but she calls it inappropriate very
unexpectedly and out of nowhere I feel
Joe Biden put his hands on my shoulders
get up very close to me from behind
lean in smell my hair and then plant a
slow kiss on the top of my head okay
that sounded super creepy and even
though she says it wasn't sexual at all
it clearly made her uncomfortable and
it's definitely not okay I mean smelling
hair is always weird all right I don't
care who it is
even if you were in a relationship if
you smell your girlfriend's hair she
won't say anything but in her head
she'll be like is he a serial killer
like honestly smelling hair is one of
the creepiest things you can do it's
it's on the list of creepy things it's
right after collecting doll parts and
sneezing with your eyes open
achoo sorry allergies
like like it's like this is my thing
what is it with America's vice
presidents right
none of them are normal one guy is
smelling women's hair the other one
refuses to be near a woman without a
chaperone isn't there middle ground
there's no vice middle President huh
there's nowhere between Michu and
Handmaid's Tale no someone in between
and it's not just the hair sniffing
apparently Biden also gave her a slow
kiss on the top of her head which again
is super creepy all right
as a rule of life the slower the kiss
the creepier it gets it's as simple as
that
when you greet someone you keep it quick
what see that not creepy at all that's
it slow kiss and when it gets weird mmm
see that yeah super creepy
all those slow ones are creepy all those
men out there doing the slow kiss don't
do that to women you don't know that
includes you Omari Hardwick all right
busy out here kissing Beyonce slowly
near her mom you don't kiss Beyonce like
that look at how do you think you are
you get in you get out it's over you
don't linger when you kiss let me say
something whenever I see Beyonce you
know how I kiss her look look right and
I do that at home then when I see her in
public I'm like ha Beyonce hi hi have no
business kissing girl and if Joe Biden's
story wasn't weird enough just today
another woman came out and said Biden
made her feel uncomfortable as well
there is now another woman making an
accusation that former Vice President
Joe Biden inappropriately touched her
not sexually not violently but in her
view inappropriately The Hartford
Courant newspaper reports that a 2009
fundraiser
Amy Lapo said the Vice President put his
hand on her neck and pulled her in to
rub noses slapos tells the current she
was afraid he was going to kiss her what
are you doing rubbing noses at random
like as if harassment wasn't bad enough
now you have to throw in cultural
appropriation what is he doing and I've
already seen people online saying oh
it's just a nose what's the big deal
first of all it's an invasion of
personal space okay and also medically
speaking the nose is the penis of the
face all right yeah it totally is it
sticks out in weird ways
there's gooey stuff inside that gets
shot into a tissue and when you're when
you're young your mom can touch it but
when you get older that's super weird
don't
shit mom don't touch it I've been
touching it in my whole life yeah but
now it's weird mom it's weird
let me put it this way if rubbing noses
was just Biden being cute and being a
harmless grandpa how come you've never
seen him do it with men huh how come ya
fightin spent eight years hanging out
with Barack Obama and not once was he
like
Congrats on passing Obamacare so now
because of sniff kiss gates Biden's
campaign might be over before it even
starts and people are freaking out
because if he doesn't run the Democrats
would only have 16 candidates to choose
from and only six of them would be white
guys an absolute disaster but Biden
isn't ready to give up my friends know
he's gently grabbing this scandal by the
shoulders and he's doing damage control
Pheidon issued a statement saying in my
many years on the campaign trail and in
public life I have offered countless
handshakes hugs expressions of affection
support and comfort and not once never
did I believe I acted inappropriately if
it is suggested I did so I will listen
respectfully but it was never my
intention oh you know what I gotta say
that seems like a nice apology because
basically what Biden is saying is look I
didn't mean to make these women
uncomfortable but I'm willing to listen
I'm gonna listen real close
I need them they're nice and close maybe
just get a little sniff Abed better get
away buddy
[Music]
you 