 hey everyone a lot of people are talking
about Joe Biden's video about the way
his physical touch has made women and
men uncomfortable never thought of
politics was cold it is septic I've
always thought it about connecting with
people and I said shaking hands that
hints on the shoulder a hug hundreds of
people come up to me and reach down for
solace it's just just too quiet in I say
kids I hug people I I grab men and with
my shoulders and say you can do this I
for one think he's being sincere and we
need to listen if we're gonna move
forward we need to waive the issues we
need to tweak the conversation you know
it would be nice if we could get past
this and just more later on you know
what matters by sharing his message on
Twitter Joe Biden is showing us there's
more than one way to reach voters there
could be two ways and for some folks
even three not me though
I'm time with two if Democrats can come
together we can pound the opposites we
can nail this election
get in there you know everyone makes
mistakes sometimes let's give each other
the benefit of the doubt is everybody
with me that is the path to victory
let's do this together
[Applause]
you 